It's been four years, and the
floods were so huge, we couldn't even make a living. The dike
was broken from 2020,
and now it's all gone, not a
single grain of rice left to eat. Wishing the family the strength to
overcome these difficult times. May
we all succeed, and may
our relatives and neighbors all contribute a little.
We are the ones,
holding hands, never letting go. The dike will
crumble because of life today. Let's
all share love. Thank you, children, for
supporting the people of Thuy Quang Binh. With rice,
oil, and money, we will be warm and prosperous forever.
[Music]
I've never seen such strong bonds of love
between people from North,
Central, and South Vietnam during a storm like this. It's so heartwarming.
When the North was hit by natural
disasters, the South and Central regions first
sent their hearts across social media, which was
very touching. Now, when Central
Vietnam is affected, people from the North and
South are sending their hearts to Central Vietnam.
Truly, Vietnamese people have such
special hearts. The world is...
Our people are a special people because of
today's life. Let's work together, hand in hand,
to cherish today's love, to
seize the future, to protect our
beautiful homeland.
Together we hope to overcome the flood season safely.
[music]